why_cumulusci.rst tweaks (#2038)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: docs/why_cumulusci.rst

Push API
--------
Automate push upgrades of your product using the Push API and CumulusCI's built in tasks: **push_all**, **push_sandbox**, **push_trial**, and **push_qa**

``meta.xml`` File Management
----------------------------
Unmanaged deploys automatically strip namespace, majorVersion, and minorVersion elements from the meta.xml file allowing CumulusCI's dependency management to handle your dependencies.  Also, the **meta_xml_dependencies** and **meta_xml_apiversion** tasks automate updating all local meta.xml files with the api_version specified in ``cumulusci.yml`` and the namespace, majorVersion, and minorVersion of the currently resolved dependencies.

MetaCI
------
MetaCI is our custom CI app run on Heroku to automate the execution of builds using CumulusCI flows.  It is Salesforce aware and can handle burst capacity for builds by leveraging Heroku's scalability.

MetaDeploy
----------
MetaDeploy is our custom installer app run on Heroku to automate complex installations of managed package projects. It help us to provide our customers with a seemless install experience.

Next Steps
==========

> Interested in trying it out?  Check out the CumulusCI :doc:`tutorial` or our :doc:`usage` screencasts.

Reviewer: Can we pull in the link to the trailhead from the new docs? That's a better place to point people than the tutorial.

Next Steps
==========

> Interested in trying it out?  Check out the `CumulusCI Basics Module <https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/cumulusci-basics?trail_id=build-applications-with-cumulusci>`_ on trailhead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interested in trying it out?  Check out the `Build Applications with CumulusCI <https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/trails/build-applications-with-cumulusci>`_ trail on trailhead.
```
